{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To combat this issue, in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EFA9C7C8-DF63-438D-9164-68499C4A092A"}}{\fldrslt 2009}}, following the quick shutdown of hosting sites like Geocities, AOL Hometown and Podango, technology historian and web archivist Jason Scott started the Archive Team, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EFB11AE6-621E-45CA-A641-AD4B86A522B1"}}{\fldrslt \'93loose collective of rogue archivists, programmers, writers and loudmouths dedicated to saving our digital heritage\'94}}. The Archive Team {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://57CA9025-D41C-4158-A45E-ECF238F6E364"}}{\fldrslt aggressively downloads}} whole websites that risk to close down soon, and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3F6E424C-3BC8-46C0-88E3-C9BBF005A852"}}{\fldrslt mirrors}} them. Their mission statement helps us understand why we cannot trust online services to be the only holders of our data:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93Corporations do not contemplate their own inevitable end. At least, they don't do it in public, unless they are in really bad shape. When times are good, those thoughts are pushed away, and end users are encouraged to do the same. When times are bad, they tend to go 
\b \cb2 very
\b0 \cb2  bad, 
\b \cb2 very
\b0 \cb2  quickly - if you're lucky, you'll have an announcement. 
\b \cb2 Your data is never totally safe. Backing up your data is always necessary, even if it's stored elsewhere.
\b0 \cb2  [\'85] Businesses can be extremely helpful, but they are also self-interested. As benevolent as Web services present themselves to be, your data is valuable to them - they aren't running this for your benefit. And it should be valuable to you, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5DB72E74-A343-4C31-B31A-2C6C65D02012"}}{\fldrslt \cb2 too.\'94}} (http://archiveteam.org/index.php?title=Why_Back_Up%3F [Accessed 20th October 2014])\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
The Archive Team has notably rescued pages on GeoCities, a hosting site that was very popular in the mid- to late 90s. It was acquired by Yahoo! in 1999 (in what is now often referred to as one of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B2364B08-987D-4809-896F-0EDB926D1287"}}{\fldrslt worst deals of the dot-com bubble}}) and suffered a great decline since, ultimately leading Yahoo! to close down Geocities in 2009.\
Although often considered of little value by the modern Internet community (Scott, 2009) due to the tacky and amateur design of the websites (animated GIFs, excessive animations, auto-playing MIDI music\'85 [fig. Misc/Geocities]), archivists have decided to back it up and place mirrors of it online for cultural reasons:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb3 But please recall, if you will, that for hundreds of thousands of people, this was their first website. This was where you went to get the chance to publish your ideas to the largest audience you might ever have dreamed of having. Your pet subject or conspiracy theory or collection of writings left the safe confines of your Windows 3.1 box and became something you could walk up to any internet-connected user, hand them the URL, and know they would be able to see your stuff. In full color. [\'85] Already, little gems have shown up in the roughly 8000+ sites I\'92ve archived. Guitar tab archives. MP3s that surely took the owners hours to rip and generate. GIF files, untouched for 13 years. Fan fiction. Photographs and websites of people long dead. All stuff that, I think, down the line, will have meaning. It\'92s not for me to judge. It\'92s for me to collect. (Scott, 2009)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 There is certainly a cultural aspect to the whole archive; the visual style of 90s websites, although generally considered of poor taste, has a cultural meaning and brings a certain form of nostalgia and reminiscence when we see it. In 2012 the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FC098A03-4C09-46E1-9ACE-73526A267477"}}{\fldrslt Museum of the Moving Image}}, in New York, set up an installation of \'93Under Construction\'94 GIFs [fig. Misc/UnderConstruction] found in the GeoCities archive, small animated symbols that were so commonplace on personal websites that they became a symbol of this era in computing history, a meaning obviously acquired with time. But more importantly, there are indeed memories, photographs, stories, works shared by people 15 to 20 years ago that would otherwise be lost forever without this initiative.}