{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 __ CAREFUL: fig numbers in the questionnaire don\'92t match those in Figures list, need to change them __\
\
[fig. Cartographies/1]\
\
The idea of genealogical tree in [fig. Cartographies/1] was rated positively, with the best score overall for aesthetic beauty (a 4.33 average out of 5), generally clear  and efficient, and moderately relevant (3.5).\
\
[fig. Cartographies/2]\
\
This less graphical tree representing English history [fig. Cartographies/2] received similar results, although judged less beautiful overall it was considered more relevant, and almost equally clear and efficient.\
\
[fig Cartographies/3]\
\
The cartography in [fig. Cartographies/3] was deemed unclear (1.78) and inefficient (1.89), receiving the worst results of all the maps for these two criteria. It was also generally considered inefficient (2.44), and moderately attractive (3.67).\
\
[fig.4]\
\
The historical atlas of [fig. 4], with its clouds gradually disappearing, received moderately positive results; the concept is clear (3.89 average, receiving 4 or 5 from all people except two who gave it a 1), it is moderately relevant and efficient, and generally beautiful (4.11 average, the second best result of the set). \
\
[fig. 5]\
\
The
\i  New Chart of History
\i0  of Priestley [fig. 5], considered one of the first timelines in the modern sense of the term, was evaluated very positively, showing that a linear rendition remains a good way to display information over time. It received the best averages for clarity (4.67) and relevance (4.44), and good ones for efficiency (3.56) and beauty (3.67).\
\
[fig. 6]\
\
However, linear renditions must be carefully crafted and not too dense with information, as the chronology of the 
\i Atlas Historicus
\i0  [fig. 6], which predates that of Priestley [fig. 5], goes to show. It received poor grades for clarity (2.44), efficiency (2.33) and beauty (2.89), and fared well only with its relevance for life mapping (3.78), with its tabular format.\
\
[fig. 7]\
\
The 
\i Discus Chronologicus
\i0  [fig. 7] did not seem to convince participants either, despite its original circular representation. It was rated as unclear (2.33) and inefficient (2.44), though moderately relevant (3.00) and aesthetically pleasant (3.22).\
\
[fig. 8]\
\
The tabular calendar of [fig. 8] received negative evaluations as well, considered unclear (2.44), irrelevant for a life representation (2.33), only moderately efficient (3.33), and, unsurprisingly, received the worst average of the whole set in terms of beauty, with 1.11.\
\
[fig. 9]\
\
The codex genealogy in [fig .9], using chains as a visual metaphor, was not considered a clear (2.67) or relevant (2.33) option, but was seen as efficient (3.44) and more appealing (3.89).\
\
[fig. 10]\
\
The three-dimensional piece of Emma Willard [fig. 10] got positive evaluations, showing that such a system could work well despite being very densely packed with information. It was considered particularly clear (4.00 average), moderately relevant (3.56) and efficient (3.67), and visually pleasing (4.00).\
\
[fig. 11]\
\
It is interesting to look at the differences between [fig. 11] and the 
\i Discus Chronologicus
\i0  [fig. 7], as they are both radial but work radically differently; this one is read from the center to the outside, as opposed to a revolution around the circle. Overall, the chart of [fig. 11] received neutral reviews, not showing more interest in radial charts: it fared slightly better than [fig. 7] in terms of clarity (3.00), but worse in terms of relevance (2.89), and almost the same in efficiency (2.56) and beauty (3.22).\
\
[fig. 12]\
\
The great 
\i Strom der Zeiten
\i0  [fig. 12], using the metaphors of streams, as seen in the previous chapter, did not convince participants. It was judged positively for its visual and colourful design (3.44), but its complexity earned it terrible grades for clarity, relevance and efficiency (2.22, 2.67 and 2.67 respectively).\
\
[fig. 13]\
\
Last but not least, the game of history presented in [fig. 13] received the best average overall, and obtained very positive evaluations in average \'97 4.33 for clarity, 3.89 for relevance, 4.11 for efficiency and 4.00 for beauty. This is indicative that a very visual (one main image per event) and simple (linear, no parallel axes, guided towards the centre) chart works well overall.}