{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 __ CAREFUL: fig numbers in the questionnaire don\'92t match those in Figures list, need to change them __\
\
[fig. Cartographies/1]\
\
The idea of genealogical tree in [fig. Cartographies/1] was rated positively, with the best score overall for aesthetic beauty (a 4.33 average out of 5), generally clear  and efficient, and moderately relevant (3.5).\
\
[fig. Cartographies/2]\
\
This less graphical tree representing English history [fig. Cartographies/2] received similar results, although judged less beautiful overall it was considered more relevant, and almost equally clear and efficient.\
\
[fig Cartographies/3]\
\
The cartography in [fig. Cartographies/3] was deemed unclear (1.78) and inefficient (1.89), receiving the worst results of all the maps for these two criteria. It was also generally considered inefficient (2.44), and moderately attractive (3.67).\
\
[fig.4]\
\
The historical atlas of [fig. 4], with its clouds gradually disappearing, received moderately positive results; the concept is clear (3.89 average, receiving 4 or 5 from all people except two who gave it a 1), it is moderately relevant and efficient, and generally beautiful (4.11 average, the second best result of the set). \
\
[fig. 5]\
\
The
\i  New Chart of History
\i0  of Priestley [fig. 5], considered one of the first timelines in the modern sense of the term, was evaluated very positively, showing that a linear rendition remains a good way to display information over time. It received the best averages for clarity (4.67) and relevance (4.44), and good ones for efficiency (3.56) and beauty (3.67).\
\
[fig. 6]\
\
However, linear renditions must be carefully crafted and not too dense with information, as the chronology of the 
\i Atlas Historicus
\i0  [fig. 6], which predates that of Priestley [fig. 5], goes to show. It received poor grades for clarity (2.44), efficiency (2.33) and beauty (2.89), and fared well only with its relevance for life mapping (3.78), with its tabular format.\
\
[fig. 7]\
\
The 
\i Discus Chronologicus
\i0  [fig. 7] did not seem to convince participants either, despite its original circular representation. It was rated as unclear (2.33) and inefficient (2.44), though moderately relevant (3.00) and aesthetically pleasant (3.22).\
\
[fig. 8]\
\
The tabular calendar of [fig. 8] received negative evaluations as well, considered unclear (2.44), irrelevant for a life representation (2.33), only moderately efficient (3.33), and, unsurprisingly, received the worst average of the whole set in terms of beauty, with 1.11.\
\
[fig. 9]\
\
}