{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170\qj
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs22 \cf0 Hammersley, B. (2012). 64 Things You Need to Know Now for Then,\
Hangal, S., Lam, M.S. & Heer, J., 2011. MUSE: reviving memories using email archives, New York, New York, USA: ACM.\
Ivonin, L. et al., 2012. Unconscious emotions: quantifying and logging something we are not aware of. 
\f1\i Personal and Ubiquitous Computing
\f0\i0 , 17(4), pp.663\'96673.\
Kirk, D.S. and Sellen, A., 2010. On human remains. ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction, 17(3), pp.1\'9643.\
Massimi, M. & Baecker, R.M., 2011. Dealing with death in design: developing systems for the bereaved. In CHI '11: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems. New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM Request Permissions, pp. 1001\'961010.\
McCandless, D., 2009. Information is Beautiful, HarperCollins UK.\
Olsson, T., Soronen, H. and V\'e4\'e4n\'e4nen-Vainio-Mattila, K. (2008). User needs and design guidelines for mobile services for sharing digital life memories. Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Human computer interaction with mobile devices and services - MobileHCI '08. Available at: \{doi: 10.1145/1409240.1409270\} [Accessed 03 Jan 2015]\
Taylor, A.S. & Harper, R., 2003. The Gift of the Gab?: A Design Oriented Sociology of Young People's Use of Mobiles. Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW), 12(3), pp.267\'96296.\
Whittaker, S. & Sellen, A., (2010). Beyond total capture: a constructive critique of lifelogging. Communications of the ACM, 53(5).\
}