{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Haynes http://astormisblowing.org/2013/10/11/how-do-you-map-a-life/:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 We didn\'92t always picture life like this. The ancient Stoic philosophers, for example, saw every individual life as a perfect circle, whether that life lasts 30 or 80 years. The notion that a life\'92s worth should be assessed as full or lacking by its abstract quantities would have seemed faulty to them.\
And it surely is faulty. A measurement is only a shadow of the thing. If we mistake the map for the land, the score for the performance, the timeline for the life, then we reduce existence to its shadows. As the philosopher Henri Bergson warned, lived time in all its fullness can\'92t be measured. Doing so risks reducing a life to a machine or commodity.\
So what if we tried an experiment and mapped our life as we really experience it to be: a map without measurements? One that gives space to events according to their significance rather than their length in clock-time?\
What if we made that map just for our self and included what we would leave out of a job application \'96 a map that includes the mazes and trapdoors along with the parades of glory and the leaps of progress? Might we value the failures and the \'91time wasted\'92 more then? And when we accept and value our past experience in all its fullness, how does that change our view of the future?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
Ben Hammersley \{Haynes:2014aa\} @ 13:00 on the irrelevance of timelines\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 It\'92s artificial and it comes from the constraints that the timeline gives in describing your life. [\'85] As human beings we all do multiple things at the same time. And so to try [to avoid that] instead of being a timeline it would be multiple timelines, and some interests would fade away and some parts of our lives would [shine?]. It\'92s not a single line but because the format forces you into a single line there\'92s a natural convergence within the crowd to specific measurable things. So if you see that everyone else puts their GCSE results on there, then even if you were 16 and the thing that was most important to you was your ballet class rather than your maths GCSE, then you wouldn\'92t put your ballet class there, you would put the GCSEs. There is a sort of crowd following thing, of \'93that\'92s the appropriate thing to post at that point in the timeline on Facebook\'94, but that\'92s not necessarily indicative of your own personal values, it\'92s just something that\'92s brought about by the architecture of [Facebook]. 
\f0\i0\fs24 \cb1 \
Aleks K disagrees\

\f1\i\fs22 \cb2 The only difference is that they\'92re there for the record. If you think about playgrounds dynamics, you would have seen exactly the same thing. Everybody would be sitting around talking about their GCSE results, not throwing out that they\'92re absolutely in love with ballet. What the web does, which is extraordinary \'97 and especially for a psychologist like myself, is that there\'92s all these unspoken things that happen, there\'92s all these dynamics that happen, socially. Whether it\'92s to do with indicators of trust in another person, or indicators of belonging to a particular group, that, historically, throughout our social and psychological lives, we have expressed. That is literally what the study of social psychology is, it\'92s trying to identify and map, and unfortunately in many ways predict, what people will do and how people will behave and how people will think and act based on the dynamics of what\'92s going on, the dynamics that often appear quite subjective, because you\'92re experiencing them in your head. However, what the web does, in a really exciting way, is that it makes that visible. So suddenly you\'92re seeing these influence pathways, those influence patterns in the playground, which, if you were a teacher, you\'92d be able to describe. Now everybody can see it, and now we can see how we can form in everyday lives, based on the signals of our social groups. So I completely disagree that it\'92s forcing us into conformity; there\'92s lots and lots of different influences. The only area where I fear for is enforcing conformity. It\'92s the inability for people to make mistakes, because these mistakes, given how it is that we\'92re interacting with this information online now, those mistakes are therefore the record, which means that people will go back and they\'92ll look at the mistakes and they\'92ll define you by the mistakes that you\'92ve made in the past that you may have learned from, but you haven\'92t been able to leave them behind you because they\'92re there.}