{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In the first activity, participants of the workshop were invited to map their life visually. The full methodology is described in [appendix B], and the description of results are in [appendix C]\
Overall, we can notice that the line remains a mode of representation chosen by most people, even when asked to attempt to go away from it. A lot of people attempted to classify the events in their lives by emotional value, whether positive or negative; those used a single line. Of the people who used multiple lines, forking and merging again, there was a variety of contexts used. Most people considered schools as the main periods in their life, each change of school generally meaning a change in location and social circle; only Map 1 prefers to focus on a periodical change of goals and values. For all participants, events and \'91periods\'92 themselves were points of reference, and time units were not important at all; periods were not normalised and not proportional to each other compared to the amount of years they lasted.\
When looking at the highlighted sections of the maps, i. e. the life events that appear on social media, there was a large variation in the proportion of the life map that existed online; this emphasised the content that participants put on their map, a lot of them putting a large focus in their most recent years, whereas some others had a more global view, from earlier on. Given the age of participants (early twenties), it coincides with the emergence of social networks that most of them started sharing their life during high school, some of them only at the beginning of university. Most maps seem to say that there was a \'93before\'94 and \'93after\'94 social networks, where everything was suddenly logged online after they registered and started being active on social networks. But a look at maps 2 and 5, which provide a greater degree of precision about events, shows that obviously only some aspects of the life are shared socially; generally these were positive events.}