{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For example, Tversky et al. (1991) demonstrated that the origin of the direction can stem in the reading direction. When we read, the upcoming (future) information is on the right; we make 
\i progress
\i0  by going right in a sentence or book. Speakers of languages that are read from right to left actually think of time going from right to left, the opposite direction of how Western European cultures see it, as demonstrated in Tversky et al.\'92s experiment. In every day life, it is possible to see this difference, for example, in computer software; progress bars are \'93reversed\'94 in these languages, showing that progress is thought of going from the right to the left (see fig. Timeline/progressBarRTL). \
[Fig. Timeline/progressBarWestern]\
[Fig. Timeline/progressBarRTL]\
But as Boroditsky (2010) explains, it is not simply the reading direction that influences our perception of time; the Pormpuraaw community of Australian aboriginals exclusively use absolute directions and do not have words for left or right. This influences their perception of time, which is linked to the sun\'92s (East to West). Mandarin speakers tend to think of time vertically, more often than we do, even though modern Chinese is read horizontally. Their conception of movement is also different \'97 they see a moving timeline and a static observer, whereas we tend to visualise ourselves moving in the static timeline (Santiago et al., 2007, p. 512).}