{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Scans of the resulting drawings can be found in [appendix M-LIFEMAPS]. Note that to preserve the confidentiality of participants, identifying information such as names, birth years or places names have been pixelated.\
All but one of the cartographies keep a line going from left to right, the last one being a web going from the centre to the outside. The first half of these eight linear cartographies only had one line, but chose, through different visual cues, to indicate different feelings during their lives. Maps 3 and 6 only took for analogy \'93up and downs\'94, and their line looked like an oscillogram\'92s wave, with positive moments going up and negative moments going down. Maps 2 and 5 combined this technique with squiggles and abstract shapes on the timeline to indicate chaotic moments, in contrast with the straighter, calmer parts of the line; this was highly reminiscent of Tristram Shandy\'92s life map [see fig. Cartographies/TristramShandy], which was shown during my presentation and could have influenced them. \
The other half of the maps used other systems, or multiple timelines. Map 1 split different life sections into \'93scopes\'94, each one with the life goal the participant had at that age, and enclosing the previous scope; as we grow older, it reflects on the fact we are still what we used to be, but have richer thoughts and ambitions. Map 4 uses bubbles of different sizes to represent events by their importance, each one getting more or less into the others (like a Venn diagram, but not enclosing them like in Map 1) to indicate how events are linking with each other. Here, it shows how college was a \'93stepping stone\'94 linking high school and university; sadly it is limited in depth, but it is an interesting idea. Map 7 intends to be something much more graphical, starting from a central point (birth) and branching out into different directions, much like a tree, with each \'91branch\'92 being drawn differently (oscillogram, tree, river, leaves) and representing different aspects of life (education, connections, friends, personality). However, besides primary and secondary school, no events or periods were placed on it, making it rather unclear on time mapping.\
Map 8 presented three major events on a timeline. After each event a series of different branches was presented, most going in unknown directions and only one going to the next event. This map clearly emphasises life choices that have to be made, and unknown possibilities coming out of the choices that have been settled or that will have to be made (post-university). Finally, the ninth map showed two parallel timelines, separating different aspects of the participant\'92s life that happened over the same period of time (here, the progression in different schools and the changes in his family/household, until he came to university and merged them as he was now living alone). }