{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A rare exception to this is Digital Heirlooms, a series of prototypes developed by Microsoft Research (Odom et al., 2012) to investigate how digital memories can be passed down and inherited. As the name implies, these conceptual objects were regarded as equivalents to photographic albums and diaries that can be passed down between generations. The three prototypes showed backups of Twitter,  locally-stored photographs, and Flickr [fig. 1.3].\
[fig 1.3]\
The testing of these prototypes with users revealed that while the experience was positive and led to engaging conversations in the families, doubts were raised on the recording of social networks:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93these instances highlighted tensions around integrating social networking content from members within the collective family archive. Participants made key distinctions between the thoughtful recording of one's life believed to be reflected in their ancestors' diaries, and their own practices of posting less mindful social networking content targeted at multiple audiences, often outside of the family.\'94 (Odom et al., 2012a)
\f0\i0\fs24 \cb1 \
The question of privacy was also important. Users desired the have the ability to curate what was and wasn\'92t kept:\

\f1\i\fs22 \cb2 \'93Related concerns also emerged around how a device like BackupBox could cause family members to self-censor the social networking content they posted, or paralyse these practices completely. Some families proposed ways to work around these tensions, such as using a special hashtag or a specific application to send updates only to Backup Box.\'94 (Odom et al., 2012a)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 As Moncur (2014) also noted, Web 2.0 sites have largely changed the audience and publicity of memorials, and the ability to curate how one would like to be remembered is important. These insights encouraged me to focus first on designing for the users themselves, rather than exploring the much deeper question of digital heritage. While the idea behind these prototypes (particularly Backup Box, the Twitter archive) are close to my honours project idea, they did not fulfil the same goals. By being too conceptual and technologically fragile, they would not withstand decades of use; their representation of time was simplistic and linear, and not adapted to very large-scale archives; and the mindset going into designing and testing these was for heirlooms, in a family setting. The preliminary ethnographical research in this study, though, was very rich in insights for understanding how artefacts, sometimes valueless, become sentimentally important heirlooms (Odom et al, 2012a; see also Banks, 2010 and Petrelli et al., 2008).}