{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
How do we even think about time, as people? That\'92s an odd question, but it\'92s also quite an interesting one for my project, because I need to visually represent time to represent the events happening in a life. And when you try to picture time, you transform time into space, which means it\'92s no longer time. So the most natural way, for us raised in a Western culture, is this\'85\
\
# Timeline\
\
A line. It\'92s a very simple, linear way of looking at time, it\'92s is logical order of when things happened, In terms of space, it\'92s a movement, that goes from the past, behind us, and the future, ahead of us. **[next slide]** The timeline on a single line is a very convenient thing because we can map units to it, all the same size, from years to minutes. And so, we\'92re very used to it. That\'92s how we\'92ve been taught history at school, that\'92s how we organise our CVs, that\'92s precisely, how social networks show content on a profile; your Twitter or Instagram timeline, or your own profile on Facebook is displayed, except it\'92s vertical instead of horizontal, the present at the top and the past below. It\'92s also used as another metaphor on computers\'85\
\
# Progress bar\
\
The progress bar. Same principle. Left: you\'92re at the start. Here: you\'92ve made some progress, you\'92re this close to the end. Right: there you are, you\'92re at the end. Simple. The very interesting thing about this is the name. **Progress** bar. We\'92re progressing from start to finish in terms of time. That notion of progress is very important for the timeline, keep that in mind, I\'92ll come back to it later. It\'92s actually what\'92s created it. The timeline as we know it, this one **[1 slide before]**, is only 250 years old. That model is very natural for us, but it\'92s actually a very cultural and somehow novel thing to have this single line, straight X axis with events on it that goes from left to right.\
\
# A cultural thing\
\
The origin of this direction, this movement, actually comes from reading. When we read, the upcoming information is on the right; in a sentence, or in a book, you make progress in the book. It\'92s an important thing to note because it\'92s very Western to think like that. Speakers of languages that are read from left to right, actually think of time in a left-to-right manner. There\'92s been studies *[Tversky, Kugelmass, and Winter 1991]* that asked Arabic and Hebrew speakers to order stickers, for example breakfast, lunch and dinner, or pictures from a person from younger to older, and they put it right-to-left, whereas English speakers did the reverse. And even in software, if you open software in Arabic, you\'92ll see that the progress bars are reversed.\
\
On a side note, interestingly, there\'92s been other studies that have been done with some aboriginals from Australia, the Pormpuraaw community, and their languages do not have words for left or right. They tend to use absolute space directions like North, South, West, East for everything. So for example they would say \'93move your cup to the north-west a little bit\'94, or \'93the boy standing on the south of Mary is my brother\'94. They have amazing abilities to know which way they\'92re facing. And so researchers have been interested to know how they think about time, because they don\'92t have the same cultural idea of left or right to go further. When they\'92ve been asked to order things, instead of putting them right to left in front of them, they lay the stickers down and been ordering them from east to west, just like the sun, from morning to evening. \
\
# Cultural differences 2 (down arrow)\
\
But it\'92s not just the writing direction. Mandarin speakers tend to think of time vertically, more often than we do, even though modern Chinese is read in rows not columns, but their conception of movement is also different \'97 they see a moving timeline and a static observer, whereas we tend to visualise ourselves moving in the static timeline. Speakers of the Aymara language, in South America, think of time from left to right, like Arabic speakers, even though the language reads right-to-left; this is because they see the past as being in front of them, something that they can look at, whereas the future is in their back, it is the unknown, what you cannot see. [Lera Boroditsky, How Language constructs time]. \
+ link to how everyday language in English carry these notions of representing time as well (before, after, long and short times, intervals [spaces in between], move an appointment two hours *back*, the clock is 5 minutes *fast* (movement) or *ahead*, we have lunch in the middle of the day, implying that day is a line when it\'92s more accurately a circle) [source: Cartographies of Time 2010]\
\
So. Even in the modern, current world, people tend to think of time in very different ways, different directions, different ideas of motion, for different reasons. \
\
# Ouroboros\
\
Sometimes it\'92s not just a straight line. We can often find that famous Egyptian symbol, the Ouroboros, a snake or a dragon eating its tail, to represent the fact that time can be thought of as a recurring cycle, instead of something linear, with a start and with an end. Today we mostly use this representation for the dial of a clock, because days are easy to visualise as something that repeat themselves. And it\'92s perfectly natural; the Earth rotates continuously around the Earth, that representation actually comes from sundials. [It\'92s interesting because we don\'92t do the same thing when we pick up a calendar \'97 personally when I think of the months, I have a straight line going from January to December but it\'92s not a circle even though it\'92s recurring.]\
\
What\'92s interesting about this idea, it\'92s that Mayan and Pagan traditions visualised history and life as something like that. For life, they didn\'92t see birth as a new start and death as an end, just something that kept going. [If that helps with the concept, in the Balinese language, the word for grandparent and grandchildren is the same (kumpi). They see lives as continuations of someone else\'92s.]\
\
Overall, from the research I\'92ve made, no matter which culture, our graphical representations of time are always a line, or a circle. The direction may change, the perception in terms of movement changes, but it\'92s still based around a line. What can change is the way we put events on it. There can be several dimensions to it. There can be several parallel lines. There can be streams of events merging and separating.\
\
# The history of the timeline\
\
18 - Genealogical tree, descendants of Noah\'92s son Japhet [Hartmann Schedel]\
19 - record of English history from Alfred the Great (871\'9699) to Henry III (1216\'9672),\
[Peter of Poitiers] (13th century)\
20 - 1475 Epitome of chronicles and histories\
21 - [twelfth-century] Joachim of Fiore - biblical past, Christian present, and a transformed future into a single, complex vision\
22 - [16th century] Johann Funck\'92s - historical calendar, great events of Old and New Testament history\
23 - paper chart with a pivoting central arm. Rings representing kingdoms and radial wedges representing centuries. The names of kingdoms are printed on the moveable arm. \
24 - [Johann Georg Hagelgans] 1718 - maintained the familiar historical matrix in the background, his enormous charts burst through everywhere with images, maps, and data.\
25 - 1769 [Joseph Priestley] - A New Chart of History.  **Regularized the distribution of dates**.\
26 -  Girolamo Andrea Martignoni - Historical map of Italy, 1721 - like a map, rivers and land masses turn out not to be landscape features but temporal metaphors \'97territories of history and rivers of time. [The streams at the top of the chart represent the nations conquered by the Roman Empire; those at the bottom, the nations that emerged from it; and the great lake at the center, the empire itself.]\
27 -  Edward Quin\'92s An Historical Atlas, [1828]. Quin\'92s maps showed how the political world was divided up at different moments of history, and, through\
the device of clouds rolling back, he indicated how much of the world was known to the West at each stage in history.\
28 - Friedrich Strass [1804] Strom der Zeiten\
29 - [Richard Cunningham Shimeall] - 1833 - radial columns represent centuries from the Creation to the Apocalypse.\
30 - Wallis\'92 New Game of Universal History and Chronology [1840]. Such events as the first use of paper in England, the invention of engraving, and the discovery of longitude.\
31 - Emma Willard\'92s Temple of Time from 1846 - standing columns represent centuries: those on the right are emblazoned with the names of important historical figures of the old world, those on the left, of the new. The floor shows a historical stream chart. The ceiling functions as a chart of biography.\
\
So after all that you\'92re probably wondering\'85\
\
# WHERE AM I GOING WITH ALL THIS \
also when\'92s the cake\
\
My point is that there\'92s there\'92s several things happening at the same time, and more importantly that\
# A life doesn\'92t look like this\
But more like this **[next slide]**\
The inventor of the timeline himself, Priestley, recognised that \'93historical narrative is not linear. It **moves backward and forward making comparisons and contrasts, and branches irregularly following plots and subplots**. [\'85] The form of the timeline emphasises overarching patterns and the big story.\'94 The timeline is a \'93great mechanical help to know history, but is not an image of history itself\'94. *[Cartographies of Time p.20]*\
\
# Progression\
\
Before the straight timeline, people didn\'92t see the future as being necessarily progressive. In the 1620s, Francis Bacon changed that and thought that the **technological and scientific revolutions would mean we would keep perfecting ourselves and the nature. Things always keep getting better as technology and democracy advances.** That\'92s the reasoning behind the timeline, and by extension, the progress bar that I\'92ve shown you before: the further we get on the line, the more progress we\'92ve made. \
\
**But that\'92s not necessarily true of our lives.** They\'92re not just advancing like that, they\'92re much more complex, like history. And if we try to visualise our life linearly, if we put too many measurements, it\'92s not a true picture of our life. We could do it, but I don\'92t think that\'92s ambitious, because memories link to each other and that\'92s how they make sense, that\'92s what makes them valuable. And I think overall, when we try to map out the complexity of everything that\'92s happened in our life, it\'92s more interesting to look back not at the big picture and think in terms of time units, years, months, but in terms of moments, what\'92s important and what\'92s not.\
}