{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMediumItalic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 As we have seen, the technical complexity of preserving digital information is a problem in itself. But even once we have chosen a suitable preservation scheme, there is another equally important question that must then be raised: how do we organise and retrieve our data? We cannot simply gather all digital items and let them pile up unorganised. In the context of a digital personal life, several artefacts are created daily (social network updates, emails, messages) and after a decade this can build up to tens of thousands of pieces of data, that we will need to go through once we are looking for something. \
Most social networks present our post history using a reverse timeline; newer posts at the top, older posts at the bottom. Viewing individual events in chronological order seem like a rational choice. It is however interesting to ask ourselves 
\f1\i how do we think about time
\f0\i0 , in order to understand why this seems rational. Time itself is not a concept that can be visualised. Whenever we think about time, we actually transform it into 
\f2\b space
\f0\b0  in order to picture it in our minds. The most natural way, for us, is to visualise an arrow going like the one in fig. Timeline/movement.\
[Fig. Timeline/movement]\
It goes into the realm of space because it is a movement; the past is 
\f1\i behind
\f0\i0  us and the future is 
\f1\i ahead
\f0\i0  of us. This idea of movement is repeated in our everyday language (Weger and Pratt, 2008, p. 426 and Boroditsky, 2010, p. 334); we use the words 
\f1\i before
\f0\i0 , 
\f1\i after
\f0\i0 , we have times that are 
\f1\i short
\f0\i0  and 
\f1\i long
\f0\i0 , we have 
\f1\i intervals
\f0\i0  (literally, spaces in between) between two times; watches can be 5 minutes 
\f1\i fast
\f0\i0  or 
\f1\i ahead
\f0\i0 , and calendars and clocks make us think of time on segments with a start and an end (the 
\f1\i beginning
\f0\i0  of the month, the 
\f1\i middle
\f0\i0  of the day). However, languages vary and research has shown that different cultures and languages have a different mental representation of time, visually, and that this idea of a line going from left to right is in fact a cultural, nurtured interpretation of time that we have as Westerners, but is not innate.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f2\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93I\'92m a big fan of chronological timelines \'96 maps that visualise history sequentially and mnemonically so we can comprehend it better. They\'92re such a useful, vital tool. But they are just a tool. And they have a history and a politics of their own. Part of that history comes from a fairly new idea that history is progressive. (Up until the eighteenth century and beyond the majority view was that we\'92re in decline and awaiting the End Times). [\'85] That marvellous book Cartographies of Time by Anthony Grafton and Daniel Rosenberg gives a glorious visual history and analysis of how, in the mid-eighteenth century, the timeline (as we know it now) was introduced as a new form of graphic organisation of history. It unified and measured all of history in a novel way. And because the names of great men seemed to cluster closer to the present than the past it appeared to be an objective picture of historical progress. I imagine this picture also helped gradually replace the dominant idea that history is driven by divine will with the idea that the causal relationship between historical events is intrinsic, and can be shaped by human will. But that graphic device quickly became taken for a picture of truth \'96 an objective, inarguable representation of how the past was and how the future should and will be.\'94
\f0\i0\fs24 \cb1  (Haynes, 2013a)\
\
\
\

\f2\i\fs22 \cb2 But as Priestley recognised, his innovations posed problems too: historical narrative is not linear. It moves backward and forward making comparisons and contrasts, and branches irregularly following plots and subplots. Part of the advantage of the matrix form was that it facilitated the scholar\'92s understanding of the many intersecting trajectories of history. The form of the timeline, by contrast, emphasised overarching patterns and the big story. This proved a great advantage in some respects, but not all. And Priestley readily admitted this. For him, the timeline was a \'93most excellent mechanical help to the knowledge of his- tory,\'94 not an image of history itself.
\f0\i0\fs24 \cb1  (Cartographies of time p.20)\
\
}