{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Richard Banks, a researcher at Microsoft Cambridge, suggests that we first preserve artefacts for ourselves. The majority of the time, we simply keep what we consider significant to remind ourselves of particular people, events and places, and to share them with people we care about; we discard what is not meaningful to us by pragmatism (lack of physical space, lack of importance, redundancy) (Banks, 2011, p. 6). This selection process contributes to keeping what we want to remember, and what is the legacy we will want to leave to others after our deaths.\
However, the digital age changes this situation. First, the space to store our objects on computers and online is becoming virtually unlimited, and so we tend to accumulate data instead of selecting it (Banks, 2011); second, the abundance of online services makes it harder to keep track of everything we create. When analysing the reasons that lead us to keep or discard physical objects at home, Banks argues that while making a selection is a positive thing, because it forces us to filter our belongings and focus on what is really meaningful, we also run the risk of ridding ourselves of things that we wish we would have kept in retrospect. He points out that the organisation of digital files make this trickier: because we we can keep pretty much everything on virtual space, it is easier to accidentally delete meaningful things alongside the less important. (Banks, 2011 p. 22).\
In the context of personal archiving, Banks notes that in the past, the legacy we left behind us was a highly selective one. Because our possessions are limited by physical space, until now our ancestors \'93have implicitly indicated that an item is significant through the simple act of keeping it. Although thousands of objects likely crossed their path over their lifetime, the constraints of money and space meant that only a few were retained, often the most significant.\'94 (Banks, 2011, p. 78). He does however argue that this is no longer true in a digital world, because new possibilities mean we simply accumulate digital objects without necessarily ordering them by importance.}