{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl720\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
In The Future of Looking Back, Richard Banks (2011) analyses the reasons that lead us to keep or discard physical objects at home. He argues that while making a selection is a positive thing because it forces us to filter our belongings and focus on what is really meaningful, we also run the risk of ridding ourselves of things that we wish we would have kept in retrospect. He points out that the organisation of digital files make this trickier: because we we can keep pretty much everything on virtual space, it is easier to accidentally delete meaningful things alongside the less important. (Banks, 2011 p. 22).\
In the context of personal archiving, Banks notes that in the past, the legacy we left behind us was a highly selective one. Because our possessions are limited by physical space, our ancestors until now \'93have implicitly indicated that an item is significant through the simple act of keeping it. Although thousands of objects likely crossed their path over their lifetime, the constraints of money and space meant that only a few were retained, often the most significant.\'94 (Banks, 2011, p. 78). He does however argue that this is no longer true in a digital world, because new possibilities mean we simply accumulate digital objects without necessarily ordering them by importance.}