{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl720\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Emulation is the dynamic transformation of instruction sets to allow software and/or operating system designed for an obsolete architecture or platform to run on current systems. It is a highly complex method that offers certain benefits; notably, this is the most conservative method, as it is not destructive of the content or presentation. It allows us to run the original program used to create a digital object without altering that bitstream ; it \'93keeps the look and feel as well as the interactivity\'94 (Granger, 2000) and as such, it is particularly interesting for objects rich in interaction, such as video games, data visualisations, or formats that are particularly complex (for example, medical imagery, 3D modelisations), for which methods like migration would be hard. It also ensures complete integrity and authenticity, which could be crucial for some data types.\
There are numerous criticisms against emulation. A number of legal and intellectual property problems are raised, if the emulation strategy is not supported by the original author [see Nintendo & Apple]. The complexity involved in creating emulators might be not worth it and requires a coherent organisation to reduce overhead (Granger 2000). Additionally, Thibodeau (2002, p. 21) argues that keeping the original functionality is not necessarily a positive thing when it comes to the delivery of the preserved content; \'93most users in the future will never have encountered\'97not to mention learned how to use\'97most of the products they will need to access the preserved information objects\'94, and \'93it would cut users off from the possibility of using more advanced technologies for discovery, delivery, and analysis\'94.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl720\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93Emulators themselves become obsolete; therefore, it becomes necessary either to replace the old emulator with a new one or to create a new emulator that allows the old emulator to work on new platforms. In fact, if you get into an emulation strategy, you have bought into a migration strategy. Either strategy adds complexity over time.\'94 (Thibodeau 2002 p.20)}