{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMediumSC;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EFA9C7C8-DF63-438D-9164-68499C4A092A"}}{\fldrslt 2009}}, following the quick shutdown of hosting sites like AOL Hometown and Podango, technology historian and web archivist Jason Scott started the Archive Team, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EFB11AE6-621E-45CA-A641-AD4B86A522B1"}}{\fldrslt \'93loose collective of rogue archivists, programmers, writers and loudmouths dedicated to saving our digital heritage\'94}}. The Archive Team {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://57CA9025-D41C-4158-A45E-ECF238F6E364"}}{\fldrslt aggressively downloads}} whole websites that risk to close down soon, and then 
\f1\i mirrors
\i0  
\f0 them (i.e. put a static copy online so that the contents are still accessible). Their mission statement helps us understand why we cannot trust online services to be the only holders of our data:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f2\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93Corporations do not contemplate their own inevitable end. At least, they don't do it in public, unless they are in really bad shape. When times are good, those thoughts are pushed away, and end users are encouraged to do the same. When times are bad, they tend to go 
\f0\b very
\f2\b0  bad, 
\f0\b very
\f2\b0  quickly - if you're lucky, you'll have an announcement. 
\f0\b Your data is never totally safe. Backing up your data is always necessary, even if it's stored elsewhere.
\f2\b0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://904F5815-0736-47EB-BC54-4D8052799918"}}{\fldrslt Entropy}} will rear its head, if you leave things up to chance. You will lose 4 years worth of email, including communications from the early days of your marriage, and the receipt to that flat panel monitor you bought online that now has tons of dead pixels. It doesn't take much for catastrophic data loss; one absent-minded mistake, or the ravages of time, can wipe out years of data.\
There is real convenience to web services like Google Apps. It's tempting to get wrapped up in that convenience and never take a step outside of it. [With a little work, convenience can be evenly matched with user control and agency.]\
Businesses can be extremely helpful, but they are also self-interested. As benevolent as Web services present themselves to be, your data is valuable to them - they aren't running this for your benefit. And it should be valuable to you, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5DB72E74-A343-4C31-B31A-2C6C65D02012"}}{\fldrslt too.\'94}}}