{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For example, Tversky et al. (1991) demonstrated that the origin of the direction can stem in the reading direction. When we read, the upcoming (future) information is on the right; we make 
\i progress
\i0  by going right in a sentence or book. Speakers of languages that are read from right to left actually think of time going from right to left, the opposite direction of how Western European cultures see it. Participants were asked to put various sets of stickers in the chronological order (for example breakfast, lunch and dinner, or pictures from a person from younger to older); Arabic and Hebrew speakers ordered them from right to left, whereas English speakers did the reverse. In every day life, it is possible to see this difference, for example, in computer software; progress bars are \'93reversed\'94 in these languages, showing that progress is thought of going from the right to the left (see fig. Timeline/progressBarRTL). \
[Fig. Timeline/progressBarWestern]\
[Fig. Timeline/progressBarRTL]\
But as Boroditsky (2010) explains, it is not simply the reading direction that influences our perception of time. The study has been done with the Pormpuraaw community of Australian aboriginals. Interestingly, their languages do not have words for left or right; instead they use absolute directions (North, South, West, East) for everything. They have a great knowledge of the world around them to know which way they are facing, and so they would say things like  \'93move your cup to the north-west a little bit\'94, or \'93the boy standing on the south of Mary is my brother\'94. And so when they have been asked to order stickers, instead of putting them from right to left in front of them, they lay the stickers down and have been ordering them from East to West \'97 just like the sun, from morning to evening; proving that time can be visualised in other spatial models.  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AC4F4C5D-9F96-47B6-A35E-3258712A709F"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 Mandarin speakers tend to think of time vertically, more often than we do, even though modern Chinese is read horizontally. Their conception of movement is also different \'97 they see a moving timeline and a static observer, whereas we tend to visualise ourselves moving in the static timeline (Santiago et al., 2007, p. 512). Speakers of the Aymara language, in South America, think of time from left to right, like Arabic speakers, even though the language reads right-to-left; this is because they see the past as being in front of them, something that they can look at, whereas the future is in their back, it is the unknown, what you cannot see. (Boroditsky, 2010) }}}