{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [Fig. Timelines/Ouroboros]\
This linear timeline, however, is not the only way of representing time; it can also be seen as a recurring cycle. On our day-to-day life, we mostly use this representation for analog clock dials; this is borrowed from sundials, and makes sense when we think of the rotation of the Earth. It really is a continuous cycle, which doesn\'92t really start nor end happening, but that we can still quantify \'97 a day has passed when a full rotation has been done, and we can map time units to it, from midnight to 11:59pm. This representation, however, is rarely used nowadays when talking about months or years, even though the same astronomical principles apply. Would it however be relevant for representing history, or individual lives?\
The symbol of the Ouroboros, a snake or a dragon eating its tail, is extremely ancient; its first known representation can be found in the 
\i Enigmatic Book of the Netherworld
\i0 , a funerary text written in the 14th century BC in ancient Egypt (Hornung, 1999). It has however been used by many cultures across the globes, in different epochs and contexts (mythological, religious, alchemical) and for various purposes. In many cases, for example Mayan and Pagan traditions, life itself was represented as an ouroboros; birth wasn\'92t seen as a starting point, and death not as an end point, but it was rather a continuation of someone else\'92s life, with each cycle being an incarnation. Again, languages and expressions reflect these ways of visualising time spans or lives; in Balinese, the word for grandparent and grandchildren is the same (
\i kumpi
\i0 ), as they would be the same person ultimately.}