{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The third task was a questionnaire, asking the participants about their use of social media and their opinion of the project. These questions will only be useful for the honours project, so while I have included the results here, the results will not be discussed in too much depth. The questionnaire was structured, with limited response options, for quantitative results; although self-reporting may lead to uncontrolled and inaccurate results (Martin and Hanington, 2012, p. 127), it was the most appropriate choice for these questions. A comprehensive ethnographic analysis of  behaviours on social networks would be more accurate but would raise privacy concerns, and the development of an ethical framework for such a study (see Hutton and Henderson, 2013) was not an option given the timeframe and relatively low importance of the results.\
 The first question, \'93What do you use social media for?\'94, asked users to rate, for 15 statements (based on Julius, n. d., p. 6), how strongly they used social media for. For examples, to the statements \'93Keep friends up to date\'94,  \'93Define my reputation\'94 or \'93Follow celebrities or brands\'94, they could, on a scale, define how much if it wasn\'92t their use at all, not primarily, or if it was mostly what they used it for. The 15 statements can be found in [see appendix Q-QUESTIONS] and the raw results can be found in [see appendix R-QUESTIONS].\
The second question simply asked them to estimate, in their opinion, how many years would Facebook stay popular before being replaced by another social network, if they thought that it would be replaced at all. The third and last question, centred on the honours project, asked participants whether they would be willing to periodically curate their \'91archive\'92 manually\'97 and if so, how frequently would they be willing to do it. Full questions are in [appendix Q-QUESTIONS].}