{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The detail of results are available in [appendix Q-RETRIEVAL]. The results of this activity were divided. For two thirds of the pictures, people knew on which profile to look; they associated, in their memory, the picture with the person who posted it. In over half of these cases, they knew exactly in which photo album it was (as albums are generally unique per particular event or date, or they were in the special profile/cover pictures album); in the remaining cases, they had to browse through a few albums to find the photo they were thinking about. Only one photo was sent in private message.\
For six photographs, the participants did not know in which album it was, and instead scrolled down the users\'92 timeline until they found the picture. One other browsed the timeline but used the links to access a specific time period, knowing when the photo was posted. Two photos could not be found at all; either by not remembering where it was located, or by remembering where it was located but could not find it there.\
Of the 27 (9
\f1 \uc0\u10761 
\f0 3) times a photo has been searched, 12 times it was considered a laborious process, and 11 times participants have had no trouble finding it. Two times it was considered really hard to find it, and in the last two cases the photo wasn\'92t found at all. The most interesting insights we can get from this activity are by comparing the experience of retrieval with the process used. In the 14 times the retrieval was considered either \'93laborious\'94 or troublesome, none of them was for \'93I went to the profile and knew which [album] it was in\'94; this happened only when the exact location of the item was not known precisely, and some research through the albums, timeline or message history had to be done first. This isn\'92t exactly surprising (having to spend longer on finding a picture means it is more laborious than finding it straight away) but the amount of times this happened demonstrates that our ability to find data is limited to the amount of \'93metadata\'94 that we have stored with it: most people knew which friend this memory was linked with, but less than half could remember in which \'93box\'94 it was stored on the social network. This indicates that more levels of classification and sorting must be available when browsing a large archive; for example, being able to know which other friends were tagged with it, at which period it happened, and possibly where it happened, if the content is geotagged.}