{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93To \'91think\'92 time, we visualise it. But by making pictures and models of time, we turn it into space and matter. In other words, to try and think of time we turn it into what it is not. Reading Henri Bergson\'92s Matter and Memory I thought about the implications of fixing time so it becomes space. Bergson is warning us that that way of thinking can lead to quantifying qualities of life that exceed measurement, that are bigger than the mechanistic. That\'92s because we start to confuse the metrics for the life, taking the data to be more tangible than the thing.\'94 (Haynes, 2013a)
\f1\i0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\i\fs22 \cb2 \'93The picture of time as a line, of course, reduces the complex and multiple qualities of life, and that\'92s the other question being raised by this project: how do we map a life in a way that 
\b gives space and value to our actual lived experience 
\b0 \'97 to the knots, ruins, dead ends and failures as well as the triumphs and the leaps?\'94 (Haynes, 2013a)\
\'93The timeline is one of a number of new time-measuring tools \'96 like the mechanical clock \'96 that first started becoming a part of everyday life in the mid-eighteenth century. [\'85] Tristram Shandy\'92s form as a story and as a material object is 
\b so absolutely knotty, complicated, elusive, unmeasurable and unmappable
\b0  that it is a brilliant counterpoint to the progressive linear model of history. [\'85] .\'94  (Haynes, 2013a)
\f1\i0\fs24 \cb1 \
\
Link with Context > Objectives > Desire to visualise differently \

\f0\i\fs22 \cb2 \'93And it surely is faulty. A measurement is only a shadow of the thing. If we mistake the map for the land, the score for the performance, the timeline for the life, then we reduce existence to its shadows. As the philosopher Henri Bergson warned, lived time in all its fullness can\'92t be measured. Doing so risks reducing a life to a machine or commodity.\
So what if we tried an experiment and mapped our life as we really experience it to be: a map without measurements? One that gives space to events according to their significance rather than their length in clock-time?\
What if we made that map just for our self and included what we would leave out of a job application \'96 a map that includes the mazes and trapdoors along with the parades of glory and the leaps of progress? Might we value the failures and the \'91time wasted\'92 more then? And when we accept and value our past experience in all its fullness, how does that change our view of the future?\'94
\f1\i0\fs24 \cb1  (Haynes, 2013b)}