{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl720\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl720\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 [(Haynes, 2013b) http://astormisblowing.org/2013/10/11/how-do-you-map-a-life/:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl720\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 We didn\'92t always picture life like this. The ancient Stoic philosophers, for example, saw every individual life as a perfect circle, whether that life lasts 30 or 80 years. The notion that a life\'92s worth should be assessed as full or lacking by its abstract quantities would have seemed faulty to them.\
And it surely is faulty. A measurement is only a shadow of the thing. If we mistake the map for the land, the score for the performance, the timeline for the life, then we reduce existence to its shadows. As the philosopher Henri Bergson warned, lived time in all its fullness can\'92t be measured. Doing so risks reducing a life to a machine or commodity.\
So what if we tried an experiment and mapped our life as we really experience it to be: a map without measurements? One that gives space to events according to their significance rather than their length in clock-time?\
What if we made that map just for our self and included what we would leave out of a job application \'96 a map that includes the mazes and trapdoors along with the parades of glory and the leaps of progress? Might we value the failures and the \'91time wasted\'92 more then? And when we accept and value our past experience in all its fullness, how does that change our view of the future?\
\cb1 \
+ 
\i0 Time Flies Like an Arrow: Space-time compatibility effects suggest the use of a mental timeline (Weger and Pratt, 2008) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/PBR.15.2.426"}}{\fldrslt 
\i http://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/PBR.15.2.426}}
\i \

\i0 + Cultural differences of timelines: Santiago et al. (2007) demonstrated that speakers of right-to-left languages such as Arabic, and word parameters, influence how we perceive a timeline (in Western cultures, we associate left with past and right with future)]}