{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs22 \cf0 Banks, R. (2010). 
\i The 40-Year Old Tweet.
\i0  [presentation]. 5 February, IXDA interaction10. Savannah, GA: The Theater. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vimeo.com/9664533"}}{\fldrslt https://vimeo.com/9664533}} [Accessed: 09 Jan 2015]\
Banks, R. (2011) The Future of Looking Back. Sebastopol: Microsoft Press.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 Baym, N. (2010). [Air-L] Library of Congress Acquires Entire (Public) Twitter Archive. [email]. 
\i Mailing list of the Association of Internet Researchers
\i0 . Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20101225053512/http://listserv.aoir.org/pipermail/air-l-aoir.org/2010-April/021125.html"}}{\fldrslt https://web.archive.org/web/20101225053512/http://listserv.aoir.org/pipermail/air-l-aoir.org/2010-April/021125.html}} \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Boroditsky, L. (2011). How Languages Construct Time. In: S. Dehaene and E. M. Brannon, eds., 
\i Space, Time and Number in the Brain
\i0 , 1st ed. San Diego: Academic Press, pp.333-341. Available at: doi:10.1016/B978-0-12-385948-8.00020-7({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/B9780123859488000207"}}{\fldrslt http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-12-385948-8.00020-7}}) [Accessed 7 Dec. 2014].\
Chapman, J. (2009). Design for (Emotional) Durability. 
\i Design Issues
\i0 , 25(4), pp.29-35.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 ebiz|MBA
\i0  (2014) Top 15 Most Popular Social Networking Sites | October 2014. [online] Available at:  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ebizmba.com/articles/social-networking-websites"}}{\fldrslt http://www.ebizmba.com/articles/social-networking-websites}} [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7CDFD35C-EF5E-4CC1-939A-211C99841A8A"}}{\fldrslt Accessed 17/10/2014]}}\
Evans-Pritchard, E. E. (1940). 
\i The Nuer : a description of the modes of livelihood and political institutions of a Nilotic people.
\i0  Oxford: Clarendon Press. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://archive.org/details/nuerdescriptiono00evan"}}{\fldrslt https://archive.org/details/nuerdescriptiono00evan}} [Accessed: 29th Dec. 2014]. Chapter III, pp. 94-138.\
Everett, N., (2014). Twitpic is shutting down. 
\i Twitpic blog
\i0 . [blog] Available at: http://blog.twitpic.com/2014/09/twitpic-is-shutting-down/ [Accessed 20th October 2014]\
Fowler, H. and Burchfield, R. (1996). The new Fowler's modern English usage. Oxford: Clarendon Press, pp. 197\'96198.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 Haynes, C. (2012). How to Map a Life. [Lecture at We Are The Time conference]. Studium Generale Rietveld Academie, Amsterdam.  Available at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWyKUy0MIJ4 [Accessed: 3rd Dec. 2014].\
Haynes, C. (2013a). Drawing Time. [Blog] Thinking in Practice. Available at: http://thinking-in-practice.com/drawing-time-petrie-museum-cathy-haynes [Accessed 6 Dec. 2014].\
Haynes, C. (2013b). How do you map a life?. [Blog] The Timekeeper Project. Available at: http://astormisblowing.org/2013/10/11/how-do-you-map-a-life/ [Accessed 6 Dec. 2014].\
Haynes, C. (2014a). What would life be like without the word Time? [Blog] Stereochron Island. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stereochron.org/post/93491431833/what-would-life-be-like-without-the-word-time"}}{\fldrslt http://stereochron.org/post/93491431833/what-would-life-be-like-without-the-word-time}} [Accessed: 21st Dec. 2014]\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Haynes, C. (2014b). Four Geometries of Time. A storm is blowing. [blog] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://astormisblowing.org/2014/03/24/four-geometries-of-time/"}}{\fldrslt http://astormisblowing.org/2014/03/24/four-geometries-of-time/}} [Accessed: 27 Oct. 2014] >>>> Convert other one to 2014a\
Hornung, E. (1999). 
\i The ancient Egyptian books of the afterlife
\i0 . Translated by D. Lorton. Ithaca, N.Y.: Cornell University Press. p. 78.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 Hutton, L. and Henderson, T. (2013). An architecture for ethical and privacy-sensitive social network experiments. 
\f0\i SIGMETRICS Performance Evaluation Review
\f1\i0 , 40(4), pp.90\'9695.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Julius, M. (2014). [Blog] Multimedia Memories. Available at: http://multimedia-memories.tumblr.com/ [Accessed 2 Oct. 2014].\
Julius, M. (no date). 
\i Remembrance Value of Topics in Social Media.
\i0  [online] pp. 6, 12. Available at: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/24440204/remembrance_value_of_topics_in_social_media.pdf [Accessed 12 Oct 2014].\
Kopytoff , V. (2013) 5 worst Internet acquisitions of all time. 
\i Fortune.
\i0  [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fortune.com/2013/05/21/5-worst-internet-acquisitions-of-all-time/"}}{\fldrslt http://fortune.com/2013/05/21/5-worst-internet-acquisitions-of-all-time/}} [Accessed 21st Oct. 2014]\
Lewis, R. (2014). How Different Cultures Understand Time. Business Insider. [online] Available at: http://www.businessinsider.com/how-different-cultures-understand-time-2014-5 [Accessed 22 Dec. 2014].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 Library of Congress (2010). How Tweet It Is!: Library Acquires Entire Twitter Archive. [Blog] 
\f2\i Library of Congress blog
\f1\i0 . Available at: http://blogs.loc.gov/loc/2010/04/how-tweet-it-is-library-acquires-entire-twitter-archive/ [Accessed 21 Oct. 2014].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Lidwell, W., Holden, K. and Butler, J. (2010). 
\i Universal Principles of Design: 125 Ways to Enhance Usability, Influence Perception, Increase Appeal, Make Better Design Decisions, and Teach through Design.
\i0  Berverly, MA: Rockport Publishers, p. 100. \
Lipton, D. (2005). Reviewed Work: Time and Process in Ancient Judaism by Sacha Stern. 
\i Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London
\i0 , [online] 68(1), pp. 103-104. Available at: http://www.jstor.org/stable/20181858 [Accessed 30 Dec. 2014].\
Loux, V. (2014). 
\i Literature Review: Digital Preservation.
\i0  [essay]. DJ32004 Research and Creative Practice Part 1, University of Dundee.\
Martin, B. and Hanington, B. (2012). 
\i Universal Methods of Design: 100 Ways to Research Complex Problems, Develop Innovative Ideas, and Design Effective Solutions. 
\i0 Beverly, MA: Rockport Publishers, pp. 17, 32, 74, 156.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 Materialising Memories
\i0  (2014). [Blog]. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.materialisingmemories.com/updates/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.materialisingmemories.com/updates/}} [Accessed 2 Oct. 2014].\
Moncur, W. & Kirk, D., 2014. An emergent framework for digital memorials. In DIS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 conference on Designing interactive systems. New York, NY: \'a0ACM, pp. 965\'96974.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i Museum of Moving Image
\i0 . (2012) Under Construction. [online] Available at: http://www.movingimage.us/exhibitions/2012/12/04/detail/under-construction/ [Accessed 21st Oct. 2014]\
Odom, W., Banks, R., Kirk, D., Harper, R., Lindley, S. and Sellen, A. (2012a). Technology heirlooms?: considerations for passing down and inheriting digital materials. CHI '12: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems. New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM, pp. 337\'96346. Available at: \{doi: 10.1145/2207676.2207723\} [Accessed 17 Sep 2014]\
Odom, W.,  Sellen, A., Harper, R. and Thereska, E. (2012b). Lost in translation: understanding the possession of digital things in the cloud. 
\i CHI '12: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
\i0 . New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM, pp. 781-790. Available at: \{doi: 10.1145/2207676.2207789\} [Accessed 03 Jan 2015]\
Petrelli, D., Whittaker, S. and Brockmeier, J. (2008). AutoTopography: what can physical mementos tell us about digital memories?. 
\i Proceeding of the twenty-sixth annual CHI conference on Human factors in computing systems - CHI '08
\i0 . Available at: \{doi:10.1145/1357054.1357065\} [Accessed 12 Dec 2015]\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 Rendgen, S. et al., 2012. 
\f0\i Information Graphics
\f1\i0 , Taschen America Llc.\
Rosenberg, D. and Grafton, A., 2010. 
\f0\i Cartographies of Time
\f1\i0 , Princeton Architectural Press.\
Santiago, J., Lup\'e1\'f1ez, J., P\'e9rez, E. and Funes, M. (2007). Time (also) flies from left to right. 
\f2\i Psychonomic Bulletin & Review
\f1\i0 , [online] 14(3), pp.512-516. Available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/bf03194099 [Accessed 22 Oct. 2014].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Scott, J. (2009) Datapocalypso!. 
\i ASCII by Jason Scott.
\i0  [blog] Available at: http://ascii.textfiles.com/archives/1649 [Accessed 20th October 2014]\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 Scott, J. (2009). Geocities. [Blog] ASCII by Jason Scott. Available at: http://ascii.textfiles.com/archives/1956 [Accessed 21 Oct. 2014].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Scott, J. (2014). 
\i The House is on Fire, the Fire Trucks are on Fire, The Fire is on Fire.
\i0  [presentation]. 19 June, CALI 2014. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Law School. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh7EARxkxoU"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh7EARxkxoU}} [Accessed: 28th October 2014].\
Scott, J. (no date). 
\i A History of Jason Never Shutting Up.
\i0  [videos] ASCII by Jason Scott. Available at: http://ascii.textfiles.com/speaking [Accessed 1 Nov. 2014].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 Stereochron Island
\i0  (2014). [Blog] Available at http://www.stereochron.org [Accessed: 24 Oct. 2014]\
Stern, S. (2003). 
\i Time and Process in Ancient Judaism
\i0 . Oxford and Portland, Oregon: The Littman Library of Jewish Civilization. p. 127.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 Sterne, L. (1761).  
\i The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
\i0 . [ebook]. Reprint, Salt Lake City: Project Gutenberg, 2012. Available from: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/39270 [Accessed: 7th Dec. 2014]. pp. 347-348 (Book IV, chapter XL).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Strass, J. F. (1810). 
\i Descriptive Guide to \'93The Stream of Time,\'94 or, General Outline of Universal History, Chronology, and Biography, at One View.
\i0  4th ed. Translated by W. Bell. London. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://access.bl.uk/item/viewer/ark:/81055/vdc_100023107350.0x000011"}}{\fldrslt http://access.bl.uk/item/viewer/ark:/81055/vdc_100023107350.0x000011}} [Accessed 21 Dec. 2014]. pp. 8-10.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 The Archive Team
\i0  (2014). Why back up?. [online] http://archiveteam.org/index.php?title=Why_Back_Up%3F [Accessed 20th October 2014]\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i The Timekeeper Project (2013)
\i0 . [Blog] Available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.astormisblowing.net"}}{\fldrslt http://www.astormisblowing.net}} [Accessed: 22 Oct. 2014]\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 Weger, U. and Pratt, J. (2008). Time flies like an arrow: Space-time compatibility effects suggest the use of a mental timeline. 
\f2\i Psychonomic Bulletin & Review
\f1\i0 , [online] 15(2), pp.426-430. Available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/pbr.15.2.426 [Accessed 18 Oct. 2014].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 Willard, C. (2012). The three worst-timed deals of the dot-com bust. 
\i Marketwatch
\i0 . [online] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.marketwatch.com/cody/2012/04/17/the-three-worst-timed-deals-of-the-dot-com-bust/"}}{\fldrslt http://blogs.marketwatch.com/cody/2012/04/17/the-three-worst-timed-deals-of-the-dot-com-bust/}} [Accessed 21st Oct. 2014]\
Wurman, R. S. (1989). 
\i Information Anxiety.
\i0  New York, NY: Doubleday.\
Whittaker, S. & Sellen, A., (2010). Beyond total capture: a constructive critique of lifelogging. Communications of the ACM, 53(5).\
}