{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf0 U
\fs43\fsmilli21750 NDERGRADUATE
\fs58  E
\fs43\fsmilli21750 SSAY
\fs58  F
\fs43\fsmilli21750 ORMAT
\f1\fs24 \
\

\fs36 About
\fs24 \
This template is designed for writing and formatting an undergraduate essay suitable for humanities subjects. It is based on a format used at several UK universities (such as Cambridge). Bear in mind, however, that many universities have different formatting requirements, so you should check the exact guidelines of the institution to which you are submitting your paper.\
\

\fs36 How To Use This Template
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Edit the \'93Title\'94 document so that it contains the title of your essay, your instructor\'92s name and so on. Alternatively, you can just edit the title of your essay and enter the rest of the information during the compile process (see below).\
{\listtext	\'95	}Compose your essay in text documents inside the \'93Main Content\'94 folder. Whether you use a single document or multiple text files to write your essay is entirely up to you - just make sure they are all inside the \'93Main Content\'94 folder.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Indent block quotes or other special passages using the ruler settings you require in the finished document and enclose them in a \'93Preserve Formatting\'94 block. To do this, select the text of the block quote and go to Format > Formatting > Preserve Formatting. (The quickest way of formatting a block quote is to click in the paragraph and select \'93Essay Block Quote (Preserved)\'94 from the formatting presets, either using the \'93Presets\'85\'94 control in the format bar, or by going to the Format  menu and choosing Formatting > Apply Preset - this will indent the text and apply the \'93Preserve Formatting\'94 block for you.) All other text will have the default indentation and formatting assigned during the compile process.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Use File > Compile\'85 to compile your essay for printing or exporting.\
{\listtext	\'95	}In the Compile sheet, make sure you edit the entries in the \'93Replacements\'94 pane, replacing \'93YourStudentID\'94, \'93SupervisorSurname\'94 and so on with the appropriate information - these will be used in the page header and on the title page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Sample Document
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The \'93Example Essay\'94 PDF file in the Research folder shows how the essay will look when compiled.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Final Note
\fs24 \
Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template and you can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.}