{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Archive Team has notably rescued pages on GeoCities, a hosting site that was very popular in the mid- to late 90s. It was acquired by Yahoo! in 1999 (in what is now often referred to as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://9ED45C56-D2F9-4A7A-8777-7AC5AABCFEF4"}}{\fldrslt one of the worst deals of the dot-com bubble}}) and suffered a great decline since, ultimately leading Yahoo! to close down Geocities in 2009.\
Although often considered of little value by the modern Internet community (Scott, 2009) due to the tacky and amateur design of the websites (animated GIFs, excessive animations, auto-playing MIDI music\'85), Jason Scott and the Archive Team have decided to back it up and place mirrors of it online for cultural reasons:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 But please recall, if you will, that for hundreds of thousands of people, this was their first website. This was where you went to get the chance to publish your ideas to the largest audience you might ever have dreamed of having. Your pet subject or conspiracy theory or collection of writings left the safe confines of your Windows 3.1 box and became something you could walk up to any internet-connected user, hand them the URL, and know they would be able to see your stuff. In full color. [\'85] Already, little gems have shown up in the roughly 8000+ sites I\'92ve archived. Guitar tab archives. MP3s that surely took the owners hours to rip and generate. GIF files, untouched for 13 years. Fan fiction. Photographs and websites of people long dead. 
\f0\b All stuff that, I think, down the line, will have meaning. It\'92s not for me to judge. It\'92s for me to collect.
\f1\i0\b0  (Scott, 2009)
\f0\i\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 There is certainly a cultural aspect to the whole archive; the visual style of 90s websites, although generally considered of poor taste, has a cultural meaning and brings a certain form of nostalgia and reminiscence when we see it. In {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F989E534-9597-4EFC-85BB-8D4864C2AAA1"}}{\fldrslt 2012 the Museum of the Moving Image}}, in New York, set up an installation of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FBFB3DDF-CB2A-498C-870B-FC8575641411"}}{\fldrslt \'93Under Construction\'94 GIFs}} found in the GeoCities archive, small animated symbols that were so commonplace on personal websites that they became a symbol of this era in computing history, a meaning obviously acquired with time. But more importantly, there are indeed memories, photographs, stories, work shared by people 15 to 20 years ago that would otherwise be lost forever without this initiative.}