{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Finally, we can wonder whether trying to represent time is relevant at all. Haynes (2014) encourages us to stop trying to use units, and points out the historical and anthropological works of Sasha Stern and Evans-Pritchard, which respectively analyse the ancient Jews\'92 and the Nuers\'92 (now South Sudan) ways of constructing time in their day-to-day thinking. Instead of using time units and points of reference such as calendar dates, relative dates (\'93two days ago\'94)  and hours of the day, they used 
\f1\b events, processes and activities
\f0\b0  as points of reference for describing time.\
Stern believed that in ancient Judaism, for those speaking Hebrew and Aramaic, \'93the notion of time as an entity in itself, a human resource, a continuous flow, or a structure of dimension of the created world, [is] simply non-existent\'94 (Stern, 2003, p.127, cited in Lipton, 2005). While many considered that this belief was na\'efve (Lipton, 2005), [rest].\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \
\'97\'97\

\i0 Haynes, 2014: && Stern, 2003\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \cb2 Why? Let us consider what Time means. We think of it as a neutral entity without a history of its own, a pristine backdrop against which the messy action of life takes place. But this idea is human-made and historically specific, rather than a natural and universal fact. It is most likely isolated to Indo-European cultures, amplified by the ancient Greeks and given its modern thrust by Newtonians. In short, to paraphrase Sacha Stern, 
\b the majority of cultures over history have not had a word for Time as a thing in itself
\b0 .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 >> \'93In antiquity, the world-view of Hebrew and Aramaic-speaking Jews remained completely process-related. Reality was seen as a succession of objects and events, whereas the notion of time as an entity in itself, a human resource, a continuous flow, or a structure of dimension of the created world, were simply non-existent.\'94 (Stern, 2003, p.127, cited in Lipton, 2005)\
> Stern believes that ancient Judaism did not have any concept of time whatsoever; only events and processes. (Lipton, 2005)\
+ The Neuer / cattle clock thingy: (Haynes 2014, Evans-Pritchard 1940)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \
What\'92s more, as Stern reminds us, we might live more comfortably without it. Consider the anthropologist E Evans-Pritchard\'92s comparison of his own sense of Time with that of the Nuer herders he lived with in the 1930s in what is now South Sudan:\
\
"I do not think that [the Nuer] ever experience the same feeling of fighting against time or having to coordinate activities with an abstract passage of time, because their points of reference are mainly the activities themselves."\
\
The Nuer herders 
\b lived by the cattle clock
\b0 , he said, translating it into an abstract metaphor to aid his Western readers\'92 understanding. On Stereochron we have encountered something close to this in the ways the campaign secretary\'92s family judge when to harvest crops or take cattle to market.\
\

\b The cattle clock does not display Time as a succession of identical units. Rather its irregular, multiple, parallel phases are defined by the events they describe. Vestiges of this are left in our language: the blink of an eye, the shake of a lamb\'92s tale, moons ago, the crack of dawn. 
\b0 On Stereochron we have expanded those measures to changes in the sheep\'92s eye, the blooming of the evening primrose, the colour-shift of the sky, the crescendo of the dawn chorus, and the length and orientation of shadows.\
As we learnt on our Midsummer field trip, 
\b standard clock-time is not an objective model for physics any more than it is for anthropology
\b0 . In as far as we must use it for certain essential tasks on Stereochron that require accurate synchrony, let\'92s remember that the standard clock\'92s tick-tock is just another form of event against which to measure other events, as Stern points out.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\'93In my experience Nuer do not to any great extent use the names of the months to indicate the time of an event, but generally refer instead to some outstanding activity in process at the time of its occurrence, e.g. at the time of early camps, at the time of weeding, at the time of harvesting, &c., and it is easily understandable that they do so, since time is to them a relation between activities. During the rains the stages in the growth of millet and the steps taken in its culture are often used as points of reference. Pastoral activities, being largely un- differentiated throughout the months and seasons, do not provide suitable points. There are no units of time between the month and day and night. People indicate the occurrence of an event more than a day or two ago by reference to some other event which took place at the same time or by counting the number of intervening 'sleeps' or, less commonly, 'suns\'92.\'94\
(Evans-Pritchard 1940)}