{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Finally, we can wonder whether trying to represent time is relevant at all. Haynes (2014) encourages us to stop trying to use units, and points out the historical and anthropological works of Sasha Stern and Evans-Pritchard, which respectively analyse the ancient Jews\'92 and the Nuer\'92s ways of constructing time in their day-to-day thinking.\
Stern believed that in ancient Judaism, for those speaking Hebrew and Aramaic, \'93the notion of time as an entity in itself, a human resource, a continuous flow, or a structure of dimension of the created world, [is] simply non-existent\'94 (Stern, 2003, p. 127, cited in Lipton, 2005). While some considered that this belief was na\'efve (Lipton, 2005), it would be hard to argue that their perception of time was completely different from ours. Like the Nuer, they might have used events, processed and activities as points of reference for describing time, as opposed to units such as calendar dates, relative dates (
\i two days ago
\i0 )  and hours of the day. The \'93irregular, multiple, parallel phases are defined by the events they describe\'94 (Haynes, 2014), and not by these units. In the case of the Nuer, Evans-Pritchard writes that while names existed for months, their day-to-day thinking was radically different:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93In my experience Nuer do not to any great extent use the names of the months to indicate the time of an event, but generally refer instead to some outstanding activity in process at the time of its occurrence, e.g. at the time of early camps, at the time of weeding, at the time of harvesting, &c., and it is easily understandable that they do so, since time is to them a relation between activities. During the rains the stages in the growth of millet and the steps taken in its culture are often used as points of reference. [\'85] People indicate the occurrence of an event more than a day or two ago by reference to some other event which took place at the same time or by counting the number of intervening 'sleeps' or, less commonly, 'suns\'92.\'94 (Evans-Pritchard, 1940, p. 100)
\f0\i0\fs24 \cb1 \
And as Haynes (2014) reminds us, \'93vestiges of this are left in our language: the blink of an eye, the shake of a lamb\'92s tale, moons ago, the crack of dawn\'94. It is unclear whether these English expressions are actually coming from these specific cultures, but it indicates that we sometimes (though not primarily) also think of moments intervals based on previous events and not units.}