{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMediumSC;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs22 \cf0 Banks, R. & Kirk, D.S., 2008. On the design of technology heirlooms. 
\f1\i SIMTech'08
\f0\i0 .\
Ben Hammersley, 2012. 
\f1\i 64 Things You Need to Know Now for Then
\f0\i0 ,\
Boyd, D., 2014. 
\f2\i It's Complicated
\f0\i0 . pp.1\'96296.\
Hangal, S., Lam, M.S. & Heer, J., 2011. 
\f1\i MUSE: reviving memories using email archives
\f0\i0 , New York, New York, USA: ACM.\
Hutton, L. & Henderson, T., 2013. An architecture for ethical and privacy-sensitive social network experiments. 
\f1\i SIGMETRICS Performance Evaluation Review
\f0\i0 , 40(4), pp.90\'9695.\
Jung, M., 2013. 
\f1\i Remembrance Value of Topics in Social Media
\f0\i0 ,\
Kirk, D.S. & Sellen, A., 2010. On human remains. 
\f1\i ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction
\f0\i0 , 17(3), pp.1\'9643.\
Krotoski, A., 2013. 
\f1\i Untangling the Web
\f0\i0 , Faber & Faber.\
Massimi, M. & Baecker, R.M., 2011. Dealing with death in design: developing systems for the bereaved. In CHI '11: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems. New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM Request Permissions, pp. 1001\'961010.\
McCandless, D., 2009. 
\f1\i Information is Beautiful
\f0\i0 , HarperCollins UK.\
Odom, W. et al., 2012. Technology heirlooms?: considerations for passing down and inheriting digital materials. In CHI '12: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems. New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM Request Permissions, pp. 337\'96346.\
Rendgen, S. et al., 2012. 
\f1\i Information Graphics
\f0\i0 , Taschen America Llc.\
Rosenberg, D. & Grafton, A., 2013. 
\f1\i Cartographies of Time
\f0\i0 , Princeton Architectural Press.\
Vashisht, G. & Thakur, S., Facebook as a Corpus for Emoticons-Based Sentiment Analysis. 
\f1\i ijetae.com
\f0\i0 \
Whittaker, S. & Sellen, A., 2010. Beyond total capture: a constructive critique of lifelogging. 
\f1\i Communications of the ACM
\f0\i0 , 53(5).\
MacDonald, C. and Atwood, M. (2014). What does it mean for a system to be useful?. Proceedings of the 2014 conference on Designing interactive systems - DIS '14. [online] Available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2598510.2598600 [Accessed 20 Oct. 2014].\
Scott, J. (2009). Geocities. [Blog] ASCII by Jason Scott. Available at: http://ascii.textfiles.com/archives/1956 [Accessed 21 Oct. 2014].}