{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs22 \cf0 Banks, R. & Kirk, D.S., 2008. O\'92clockn the design of technology heirlooms. 
\f1\i SIMTech'08
\f0\i0 .\
Hammersley, B. (2012). 
\f1\i 64 Things You Need to Know Now for Then
\f0\i0 ,\
Boyd, D., 2014. 
\f2\i It's Complicated
\f0\i0 . pp.1\'96296.\
Hangal, S., Lam, M.S. & Heer, J., 2011. 
\f1\i MUSE: reviving memories using email archives
\f0\i0 , New York, New York, USA: ACM.\
Hutton, L. and Henderson, T., 2013. An architecture for ethical and privacy-sensitive social network experiments. 
\f1\i SIGMETRICS Performance Evaluation Review
\f0\i0 , 40(4), pp.90\'9695.\
Jung, M., 2013. 
\f1\i Remembrance Value of Topics in Social Media
\f0\i0 ,\
Kirk, D.S. and Sellen, A., 2010. On human remains. 
\f1\i ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction
\f0\i0 , 17(3), pp.1\'9643.\
Krotoski, A., 2013. 
\f1\i Untangling the Web
\f0\i0 , Faber & Faber.\
Massimi, M. & Baecker, R.M., 2011. Dealing with death in design: developing systems for the bereaved. In CHI '11: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems. New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM Request Permissions, pp. 1001\'961010.\
McCandless, D., 2009. 
\f1\i Information is Beautiful
\f0\i0 , HarperCollins UK.\
Rendgen, S. et al., 2012. 
\f1\i Information Graphics
\f0\i0 , Taschen America Llc.\
Rosenberg, D. and Grafton, A., 2010. 
\f1\i Cartographies of Time
\f0\i0 , Princeton Architectural Press.\
Vashisht, G. and Thakur, S. (2014). Facebook as a Corpus for Emoticons-Based Sentiment Analysis. 
\i International Journal of Emerging Technology and Advanced Engineering, 4(5)
\i0 , pp. 904-908.\
Whittaker, S. & Sellen, A., 2010. Beyond total capture: a constructive critique of lifelogging. 
\f1\i Communications of the ACM
\f0\i0 , 53(5).\
MacDonald, C. and Atwood, M. (2014). What does it mean for a system to be useful?. Proceedings of the 2014 conference on Designing interactive systems - DIS '14. [online] Available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2598510.2598600 [Accessed 20 Oct. 2014].\
Scott, J. (2009). Geocities. [Blog] ASCII by Jason Scott. Available at: http://ascii.textfiles.com/archives/1956 [Accessed 21 Oct. 2014].\
Weger, U. and Pratt, J. (2008). Time flies like an arrow: Space-time compatibility effects suggest the use of a mental timeline. 
\f2\i Psychonomic Bulletin & Review
\f0\i0 , [online] 15(2), pp.426-430. Available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/pbr.15.2.426 [Accessed 18 Oct. 2014].\
Santiago, J., Lup\'e1\'f1ez, J., P\'e9rez, E. and Funes, M. (2007). Time (also) flies from left to right. 
\f2\i Psychonomic Bulletin & Review
\f0\i0 , [online] 14(3), pp.512-516. Available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/bf03194099 [Accessed 22 Oct. 2014].\
Baym, N. (2010). 
\f2\i [Air-L] Library of Congress Acquires Entire (Public) Twitter Archive
\f0\i0 . [email]. Mailing list of the Association of Internet Researchers. Available at: https://web.archive.org/web/20101225053512/http://listserv.aoir.org/pipermail/air-l-aoir.org/2010-April/021125.html\
Library of Congress (2010). How Tweet It Is!: Library Acquires Entire Twitter Archive. [Blog] 
\f2\i Library of Congress blog
\f0\i0 . Available at: http://blogs.loc.gov/loc/2010/04/how-tweet-it-is-library-acquires-entire-twitter-archive/ [Accessed 21 Oct. 2014].\
Haynes, C. (2013a). Drawing Time. [Blog] Thinking in Practice. Available at: http://thinking-in-practice.com/drawing-time-petrie-museum-cathy-haynes [Accessed 6 Dec. 2014].\
Haynes, C. (2013b). How do you map a life?. [Blog] The Timekeeper Project. Available at: http://astormisblowing.org/2013/10/11/how-do-you-map-a-life/ [Accessed 6 Dec. 2014].\
Haynes, C. (2012). How to Map a Life. [Lecture at We Are The Time conference]. Studium Generale Rietveld Academie, Amsterdam.  Available at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWyKUy0MIJ4 [Accessed: 3rd Dec. 2014].\
Haynes, C. (2014). What would life be like without the word Time? [Blog] Stereochron Island. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stereochron.org/post/93491431833/what-would-life-be-like-without-the-word-time"}}{\fldrslt http://stereochron.org/post/93491431833/what-would-life-be-like-without-the-word-time}} [Accessed: 21st Dec. 2014]\
Sterne, L. (1761).  
\i The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
\i0 . [ebook]. Reprint, Salt Lake City: Project Gutenberg, 2012. Available from: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/39270 [Accessed: 7th Dec. 2014]. pp. 347-348 (Book IV, chapter XL).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 Boroditsky, L. (2011). How Languages Construct Time. In: S. Dehaene and E. M. Brannon, eds., 
\i Space, Time and Number in the Brain
\i0 , 1st ed. San Diego: Academic Press, pp.333-341. Available at: doi:10.1016/B978-0-12-385948-8.00020-7({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/B9780123859488000207"}}{\fldrslt http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-12-385948-8.00020-7}}) [Accessed 7 Dec. 2014].\
Strass, J. F. (1810). 
\i Descriptive Guide to \'93The Stream of Time,\'94 or, General Outline of Universal History, Chronology, and Biography, at One View.
\i0  4th ed. Translated by W. Bell. London. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://access.bl.uk/item/viewer/ark:/81055/vdc_100023107350.0x000011"}}{\fldrslt http://access.bl.uk/item/viewer/ark:/81055/vdc_100023107350.0x000011}} [Accessed 21 Dec. 2014]. pp. 8-10.\
Lewis, R. (2014). How Different Cultures Understand Time. Business Insider. [online] Available at: http://www.businessinsider.com/how-different-cultures-understand-time-2014-5 [Accessed 22 Dec. 2014].\
Fowler, H. and Burchfield, R. (1996). The new Fowler's modern English usage. Oxford: Clarendon Press, pp. 197\'96198.\
Hornung, E. (1999). 
\i The ancient Egyptian books of the afterlife
\i0 . Translated by D. Lorton. Ithaca, N.Y.: Cornell University Press. p. 78.\
Stern, S. (2003). 
\i Time and Process in Ancient Judaism
\i0 . Oxford and Portland, Oregon: The Littman Library of Jewish Civilization. p. 127.\
Lipton, D. (2005). Reviewed Work: Time and Process in Ancient Judaism by Sacha Stern. 
\i Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London
\i0 , [online] 68(1), pp. 103-104. Available at: http://www.jstor.org/stable/20181858 [Accessed 30 Dec. 2014].\
Evans-Pritchard, E. E. (1940). 
\i The Nuer : a description of the modes of livelihood and political institutions of a Nilotic people.
\i0  Oxford: Clarendon Press. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://archive.org/details/nuerdescriptiono00evan"}}{\fldrslt https://archive.org/details/nuerdescriptiono00evan}} [Accessed: 29th Dec. 2014]. Chapter III, pp. 94-138.\
Scott, J. (2014). 
\i The House is on Fire, the Fire Trucks are on Fire, The Fire is on Fire.
\i0  [presentation]. 19 June, CALI 2014. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Law School. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh7EARxkxoU"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh7EARxkxoU}} [Accessed: 28th October 2014].\
Banks, R. (2010). 
\i The 40-Year Old Tweet.
\i0  [presentation]. 5 February, IXDA interaction10. Savannah, GA: The Theater. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vimeo.com/9664533"}}{\fldrslt https://vimeo.com/9664533}} [Accessed: 09 Jan 2015]\
Scott, J. (no date). 
\i A History of Jason Never Shutting Up.
\i0  [videos] ASCII by Jason Scott. Available at: http://ascii.textfiles.com/speaking [Accessed 1 Nov. 2014].\
Julius, M. (2014). [Blog] Multimedia Memories. Available at: http://multimedia-memories.tumblr.com/ [Accessed 2 Oct. 2014].\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri600\sl440\sa170
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 Materialising Memories
\i0  (2014). [Blog]. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.materialisingmemories.com/updates/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.materialisingmemories.com/updates/}} [Accessed 2 Oct. 2014].\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i The Timekeeper Project (2013)
\i0 . [Blog] Available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.astormisblowing.net"}}{\fldrslt http://www.astormisblowing.net}} [Accessed: 22 Oct. 2014]\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i Stereochron Island
\i0  (2014). [Blog] Available at http://www.stereochron.org [Accessed: 24 Oct. 2014]\
Chapman, J. (2009). Design for (Emotional) Durability. 
\i Design Issues
\i0 , 25(4), pp.29-35.\
Martin, B. and Hanington, B. (2012). 
\i Universal Methods of Design: 100 Ways to Research Complex Problems, Develop Innovative Ideas, and Design Effective Solutions. 
\i0 Beverly, MA: Rockport Publishers, pp. 17, 32, 74, 156.\
Lidwell, W., Holden, K. and Butler, J. (2010). 
\i Universal Principles of Design: 125 Ways to Enhance Usability, Influence Perception, Increase Appeal, Make Better Design Decisions, and Teach through Design.
\i0  Berverly, MA: Rockport Publishers, p. 100. \
Wurman, R. S. (1989). 
\i Information Anxiety.
\i0  New York, NY: Doubleday.\
Haynes, C. (2014b). Four Geometries of Time. A storm is blowing. [blog] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://astormisblowing.org/2014/03/24/four-geometries-of-time/"}}{\fldrslt http://astormisblowing.org/2014/03/24/four-geometries-of-time/}} [Accessed: 27 Oct. 2014] >>>> Convert other one to 2014a\
Julius, M. (no date). 
\i Remembrance Value of Topics in Social Media.
\i0  [online] pp. 6, 12. Available at: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/24440204/remembrance_value_of_topics_in_social_media.pdf [Accessed 12 Oct 2014].\
Olsson, T., Soronen, H. and V\'e4\'e4n\'e4nen-Vainio-Mattila, K. (2008). User needs and design guidelines for mobile services for sharing digital life memories. 
\i Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Human computer interaction with mobile devices and services - MobileHCI '08
\i0 . Available at: \{doi: 10.1145/1409240.1409270\} [Accessed 03 Jan 2015]\
Petrelli, D., Whittaker, S. and Brockmeier, J. (2008). AutoTopography: what can physical mementos tell us about digital memories?. 
\i Proceeding of the twenty-sixth annual CHI conference on Human factors in computing systems - CHI '08
\i0 . Available at: \{doi:10.1145/1357054.1357065\} [Accessed 12 Dec 2015]\
Loux, V. (2014). 
\i Literature Review: Digital Preservation.
\i0  [essay]. DJ32004 Research and Creative Practice Part 1.\
Odom, W., Banks, R., Kirk, D., Harper, R., Lindley, S. and Sellen, A. (2012a). Technology heirlooms?: considerations for passing down and inheriting digital materials. 
\i CHI '12: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
\i0 . New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM, pp. 337\'96346. Available at: \{doi: 10.1145/2207676.2207723\}\
Odom, W.,  Sellen, A., Harper, R. and Thereska, E. (2012b). Lost in translation: understanding the possession of digital things in the cloud. 
\i CHI '12: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
\i0 . New York, New York, USA: \'a0ACM, pp. 781-790. Available at: \{doi: 10.1145/2207676.2207789\} [Accessed 03 Jan 2015]\
}