{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green25\blue229;\red216\green0\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li170\fi-170\sl440\sa170

\f0\fs22 \cf0 AppleInsider. (2011) \'91Inside Mac OS X 10.7 Lion: Missing Front Row, Rosetta and Java runtime\'92. AppleInsider. [web page] Accessible at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://appleinsider.com/articles/11/02/26/mac_os_x_lion_drops_front_row_java_runtime_rosetta.html\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 19th Apr 2014] \
Ayre, C. and Muir, A. (2004) \'91The right to preserve\'92. D-Lib Magazine, vol. 10 (No. 3). March. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.dlib.org/dlib/march04/ayre/03ayre.html\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 11th Apr 2014]\
Banks, R. (2011) The Future of Looking Back. Sebastopol: Microsoft Press.\
Bearman, D. (1999) \'91Reality and Chimeras in the Preservation of Electronic Records\'92. D-Lib Magazine, vol. 5 (No.\'a04). April. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.dlib.org/dlib/april99/bearman/04bearman.html\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 7th Apr 2014]\
Boyd, D. (2014) It\'92s Complicated: The Social Lives of Networked Teens. New Haven and London: Yale University Press.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa170
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D37E1E18-C486-4B3E-869B-A7F055A8FB1F"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 byuu.}} (2011) \'91Accuracy takes power: one man\'92s 3 GHz quest to build a perfect SNES emulator\'92. Ars Technica. [web page] Available at: \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2011/08/accuracy-takes-power-one-mans-3ghz-quest-to-build-a-perfect-snes-emulator/\cf0 \ulnone  \uc0\u8232 [Accessed: 8th\'a0Apr\'a02014]\
\pard\pardeftab720\li170\fi-170\sl440\sa170
\cf0 Cook, T. (2000) \'91Beyond the screen: the records continuum and archival cultural heritage.\'92 Presented at the Australian Society of Archivists Conference, Melbourne, 18 August. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.mybestdocs.com/cook-t-beyondthescreen-000818.htm\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 9th\'a0Apr\'a02014]\
Granger, S. (2000) \'91Emulation as a Digital Preservation Strategy\'92. D-Lib Magazine, vol. 6 (No.\'a010). October. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.dlib.org/dlib/october00/granger/10granger.html \cf0 \ulnone [Accessed: 7th Apr 2014]\
Guttenbrunner, M., Becker, C. and Rauber, A. (2010) \'91Keeping the game alive: Evaluating strategies for the preservation of console video games\'92. International Journal of Digital Curation, vol. 5 (Iss. 1), pp. 64-90.\
Hangal, S., Lam, M. S. and Heer, J. (2011) \'91MUSE: reviving memories using email archives\'92, in Proceedings of the 24th annual ACM symposium on User interface software and technology (UIST \'9111). New York, NY: ACM, pp. 75-84. \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 doi:10.1145/2047196.2047206\cf0 \ulnone \
Harvey, D. R. (2012) Preserving digital materials. Berlin: De Gruyter Saur.\
Kahle, B. (1996) \'91Archiving the Internet\'92. Scientific American, Iss. March\'a01997. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://web.archive.org/web/19971211123138/www.archive.org/sciam_article.html\cf0 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 [Accessed: 27th\'a0Feb 2014]\
Kawano, H. (2008) \'91Strategy of Digital Contents Archive Based on Reputation Model\'92, in ICSENG \'9108. Proceedings of 19th International Conference on Systems Engineering, 19-21 Aug, pp. 288-293. \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 doi: 10.1109/ICSEng.2008.75\cf0 \ulnone \
Kirk, D. S. and Sellen, A. (2010) \'91On human remains: Values and practice in the home archiving of cherished objects\'92. ACM Transactions on Human-Computer Interaction, vol.\'a017 (Iss. 3), article 10. \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 doi:0.1145/1806923.1806924\cf0 \ulnone \
Library of Congress. (2007) Digital Preservation Program Makes Awards to Preserve American Creative Works. [press release] Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.loc.gov/today/pr/2007/07-156.html\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 14th Apr 2014]\
Lubar, S. (1999) \'91Information Culture and the Archival Record\'92, in American Archivist, vol. 62 (Iss. 1), pp. 10-22.\
Lynch, C. (2000) \'93Authenticity and Integrity in the Digital Environment: An Exploratory Analysis of the Central Role of Trust\'92, in Authenticity in a Digital Environment. Washington, DC: Council on Library and Information Resources. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.clir.org/pubs/abstract/pub92abst.html\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 16th Apr 2014]\
Masan\'e8s, J. (2006) Web archiving. Berlin: Springer.\
Mesa, A. F. (1997) \'91The PowerPC Triumph\'92. The Apple Museum. [web page] Available at: \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://applemuseum.bott.org/sections/ppc.html\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 19th Apr 2014]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa170
\cf0 Paloque-Berg\'e8s, C. (2011) Entre trivialit\'e9 et culture
\f1\b \uc0\u8201 
\f0\b0 : une histoire de l\'92Internet vernaculaire. \'c9mergence et m\'e9diations d\'92un folklore de r\'e9seau [Between Triviality and Culture: a History of the Vernacular Internet. Emergence and mediations in network folklore]. PhD thesis, self-published. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://camillepaloqueberges.wordpress.com/phd-thesis/\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed:\'a06th\'a0Apr\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C2085F95-CF48-4974-8AAB-7067913B0AB3"}}{\fldrslt 2014]}}\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li170\fi-170\sl440\sa170
\cf0 Paloque-Berg\'e8s, C. (2013) \'91Un patrimoine composite
\f1\b \uc0\u8201 
\f0\b0 : le public Internet face \'e0 l\'92archivage de sa mati\'e8re culturelle\'92 [A composite heritage: the Internet public confronted to the archiving of its cultural matter], in I. Dragan, P. Stefanescu, N. Pelissier, J.-F. T\'e9tu and L.\'a0Idjeroui-Ravez (eds.) Traces, m\'e9moire, communication. Bucharest: Editura Universit
\f1\b \uc0\u259 \u355 
\f0\b0 ii din Bucure
\f1\b \uc0\u351 
\f0\b0 ti.\'a0\cf3 \up2 \super 2\
\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub Pearson, D. (2009) Preserve or Preserve Not, There is No Try: some dilemmas relating to Personal Digital Archiving. [PowerPoint slides]. National Library of Australia Staff Papers. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.nla.gov.au/openpublish/index.php/nlasp/article/view/1388\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 9th Apr 2014]\
del Pozo, N., Long, A. S. and Pearson, D. (2012) \'91Land of the Lost: a discussion of what can be preserved through digital preservation\'92. Library Hi Tech, vol. 28 (Iss. 2), pp.\'a0290-300. Available from: \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 doi: 10.1108/07378831011047686\cf0 \ulnone . [Accessed: 6th Apr 2014]\
Ross, S. and Gow, A. (1999) Digital archaeology: rescuing neglected and damaged data resources: a JISC/NPO study within Electronic Libraries (eLib) Programme on the Preservation of Electronic Materials. London: Library Information Technology Centre. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.ukoln.ac.uk/services/elib/papers/supporting/pdf/p2.pdf\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 17th Apr 2014]\
Rothenberg, J. (1998) Avoiding Technological Quicksand: Finding a Viable Technical Foundation for Digital Preservation. [report] Washington, DC: Council on Library and Information Resources.\
Serrano, H. (2009) Back Up Objects, H\'e9ctor Serrano. [web page] Available at: \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.hectorserrano.com/index.php?id=41&m=lab&grupo=backup\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 17th Apr 2014].\
SINTEF. (2013) \'91Big Data, for better or worse: 90% of world\'92s data generated over last two years.\'92 ScienceDaily. [web page] Available at: \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/05/130522085217.htm\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 16th Apr 2014]\
Swade, D. (1993) \'91The problems of software conservation\'94, in Computer Resurrection, vol. 7. Available at: \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.cs.man.ac.uk/CCS/res/res07.htm#f\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 12th Apr 2014]\
Task Force on Archiving of Digital Information. (1996) Preserving digital information, Report of the Task Force on Archiving of Digital Information. Washington, DC: Council on Library and Information Resources.\
Thibodeau, K. (2002) \'91Overview of technological approaches to digital preservation and challenges in coming years\'92, in The state of digital preservation: an international perspective. Washington, DC: Council on Library and Information Resources, pp. 4-31.\
UNESCO. (2003) Guidelines for the preservation of digital heritage, prepared by the National Library of Australia. Paris: UNESCO. Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://unesdoc.unesco.org/images/0013/001300/130071e.pdf\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 9 Apr 2014]\
Wilkens, K. (2011) Sensor Poetics, \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 Kjenwilkens.com\cf0 \ulnone . [web page] Available at \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 http://www.kjenwilkens.com/projects/sensor-poetics\cf0 \ulnone  [Accessed: 18th Apr 2014]\
Zimmer, M. (2010) \'91\'93But the data is already public\'94: on the ethics of research in Facebook\'92, in Ethics and information technology, vol. 12 (Iss. 4), pp. 313-325. \cf2 \ulth \ulc2 doi: 10.1007/s10676-010-9227-5\cf0 \ulnone \
Zhou, M., Geng, G. and Wu, Z. (2012) Digital preservation technology for cultural heritage. Berlin: Springer.}