{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextMedium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FreightTextBook;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Different preservation methods yield different results in what is called authenticity, that is how faithful the rendition (i.e. the presentation) of the preserved object will be. Authenticity is subjective and therefore there is debate around this issue (Del Pozo et al., 2012, p. 7; Cook, 2000); however most agree that while as little difference in the presentation is desirable, it is rarely (if at all) possible to keep a truthful rendition. As an example, del Pozo et al. (2012, p. 8) use a spreadsheet within the migration method:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4344\fi285\sl408\slmult1\slminimum240\sa60\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \'93For instance, one institution may decide to normalise a spreadsheet into a PDF, which would retain the cell values but destroy any formula used to calculate them. This would favour a particular presentation of that digital object over the information form of the original. On the other hand, another institution might decide to normalise spreadsheets into ODF, which may lose some formatting but retain the formula used to derive each cell. In this case, being able to retain the information form of the file would be seen as more important.\'94
\f0\i0\fs24 \cb1 \
Thibodeau (2002, p. 28) however points out that \'93people will want to use the best available technology\'97or at least technologies they know how to use\'97 for discovery, retrieval, processing, and delivery of preserved information. There is a danger that to the degree that preservation solutions keep things unaltered they will create barriers to satisfying this basic user requirement.\'94 An overly faithful preservation would therefore not be desirable. Again, this is subject to a high number of parameters.\
Another important issue is integrity, i.e. \'93ensuring the object is complete and has not been altered or corrupted\'94 (Harvey, 2012, p. 54; Ross [CITED], 2002, p. 7); that is, the object \'93is what it purports to be\'94, and no parts are missing from it. \
This is particularly important, Harvey (2012, p. 54) notes, for business archiving, where the legal value of a digital object could be lost if we cannot demonstrate that this object hasn\'92t been tampered with, or that a migration processes have not incurred data losses. However, as Lynch (2000) has argued, the integrity of objects is only a matter of trust. The guidelines of UNESCO (2003, p. 22) recommend that the best protection for authenticity is proper documentation of the archival process; Harvey (2012, p. 54) expands on this idea: \'93for instance, if it can be established that a digital object has always been kept in the custody of an archive in which every change to it has been recorded (such as changes resulting from migration of the bit-stream \'96 the dates at which migration occurred, to which media, and so on), then we can be more secure about its integrity.\'94}